README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README.md with Next.js Authentication with Clerk details

README.md, after:

# Next.js Authentication with Clerk

## Overview

This is a Next.js project bootstrapped with `create-next-app`, enhanced with Clerk for user authentication. It demonstrates the implementation of sign-in, sign-up, user profile management, and a dashboard with analytics.

## Features

- User Sign-in
- User Sign-up
- User Profile Management
- Dashboard with Analytics (Mock Data)

## Technology Stack

- Next.js
- Clerk for authentication
- Tailwind CSS
- Shadcn

## Getting Started

To run the project locally:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Also, make sure to create a `.env.local` file in the root directory with the following environment variables:

```bash
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=YOUR_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY
CLERK_SECRET_KEY=YOUR_CLERK_SECRET_KEY
```

Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

## Learn More

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs)
- [Clerk Documentation](https://docs.clerk.dev)
- [Tailwind CSS Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs)
- [Shadcn Documentation](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs)
